# Instrument Three Dimensional Workshop
All Welcome.

We are collectively teaching ourselves 3d programming using
[three.js](http://threejs.org/).  Each experiment represents one hour
a week.

[Current progress](http://weareinstrument.com/3d-workshop/index.html)!

## Run

Fire up a server in the root:

    python -m SimpleHTTPServer

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

## Story

Recently a group of developers got together for a "Three.js Huddle" to
talk about the [library](http://threejs.org) and 3d
programming in general.  There was enough interest that it spawned a
weekly meetup that has become a staple in the Instrument development
world, the 3d Workshop.  Every Wednesday at 4:00 any interested
developers (and anyone else!) amble into the living room to embark on
a creative journey to learn and teach themselves 3d programming for
the browser.  Today we share some of the fruits of this journey.

The working philosophy of the workshop is that we don't really know
what we are going to do beforehand.  The environment is open to
suggestion and follows each week from what we did in previous weeks.
First we brainstorm a list of ideas, and then decide which idea to
pursue.  There is a lot of back and forth and live coding/debugging to
get things to work.  Part of what is so great about the workshop is
that it is not predefined, but rather we are all solving problems
together, and share in the thrill of discovery.

It has produced a number of short experiments (each one was done in
about an hour).  Here is a collection of the current experiments, all
runnable in the browser: [Instrument 3d
Workshop](http://weareinstrument.com/3d-workshop/index.html)

More to come!
